Address #5902 add 1-liner description to CVEs (#5978)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/security/istio-security-2019-005/index.md

---
title: ISTIO-SECURITY-2019-005
subtitle: Security Bulletin

> description: Denial of service caused by the presence of numerous HTTP headers. This affects Istio 1.1 to 1.1.15, 1.2 to 1.2.6 and 1.3 to 1.3.1.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Denial of service caused by the presence of numerous HTTP headers in client requests.
```
